If you're reading this, then you're still alive, and that, at the very least, means that hope still remains for us. I wish I had the time to greet you properly, but time is something that none of us have the luxury to waste anymore. You're weak, maybe even disoriented, but I need you to stay focused. The was has reached its peak. Flames from spellfire reain through the skies and the kingdoms are crumbling under the weight of the dark arts, but I have brought you here for a reason.

The dungeon you have been placed in is no ordinary ruin. I do apologize for the prison cell... It was the only area that has beds. It's also the only safe area... This ruin was once a living temple, a shrine built to worship the Dragon's Pulse, a source of ancient magic that is strong enough to break through the curse that plagues our world. If you can reach it, I believe it's possible that you can absorb it and use its powers to snuff out the dark magic once and for all. This all rides on you Braxton.

This journal will serve as your guide. It holds more than just words - it holds knowledge gathered from visions, lore, and ancient prophecy. These pages hold clues, warnings, and crucial information that will help you survive the dangers ahead. Read carefully, as the contents were not meant to be seen by normals, it's possible you will have to put the pieces together yourself, but I have faith in you. Trust in your instincts and your abilities, and when in doubt, check the ancient texts.

One last thing, my friend: beware of the creatures that roam the halls of this ancient place, especially the Guardian of the Pulse. The dungeon is segmented into many ancient domains, and the Guardian oversees them all, but stories have told of many different creatures in the dungeon. Some stories tell of a humanoid figure while others tell of a figure dressed in light, but none tell of the form of the Guardian. It's possible that those who have seen it haven't survived. Regardless, the journal will be able to help you identify the creatures as well based on the ancient texts. 

The magic contained in this book may even provide you with methods of escape. May the gods bless you in this endeavor, my friend. Stay alive, otherwise all of Aetharia may suffer. Regardless, the journal will be able to help you identify the creatures as well based on the ancient texts. The magic contained in this book may even provide you with methods of escape. May the gods bless you in this endeavor, my friend. Stay alive, otherwise all of Aetharia may suffer. 